This folder contains Full_Examples, which aim to be notebooks covering more complete projects, i.e., from loading to results.


- Binary_Sex.ipynb makes use of data from the ABCD Study to explore a simple workflow example. In this notebook, sex at birth is predicted from structural MRI derrived regions of interest. This example relative to some of the others contains a great deal more explanation / tutorial-esque text, making it suitable for those new to the library as a starting place.

- Binary_Drug_Dependence.ipynb makes use of data from the ENIGMA Addiction Consortium to explore the binary classification problem of predicting between participents with any drug dependence vs. resepective controls. This example is interesting in that due to the multi-site and study nature of the data, a number of unique more advanced machine learning considerations must be taken into account. 

- Regression_SSRT.ipynb makes use of data from the ABCD Study to explore a regression type analysis. This notebook uses functional mri contrasts from a Stop Signal task to predict a dderrived measure of stop signal reaction time. This notebook is only lightly commented, so it is best used a reference rather than tutorial. This notebook includes as a bonus some code from the library Neuro_Plotting (https://github.com/sahahn/Neuro_Plotting) on how to easily make a collage of feature importances as projected onto the surface of a brain. Also how to make a gif of subcortical regions.

- Regression_Waist_Circumference.ipynb makes uses of data from the ABCD Study to explore a regression type analysis. This notebook uses DTI rerrived data to predict waist circumference. THis notebook is only lightly commented, but includes a fairly extensive model selection and testing step. This notebook should likely be employed as a reference for different modelling options to try.